A mortgage, suggested Gil Benton, helpfully, as he turned again to
the view of autumn landscape framed by the open casement. Just under
the window, beyond the graveled path, the smooth turf descended gently
to the rim of the little river which curved placidly along below the
school buildings barely a stone’s throw away. Joe Cosgrove, baseball
captain, had once engaged, on a wager, to place a baseball across it
from the steps of Academy Hall, and had succeeded at the third attempt.
As Academy stands farthest from the stream of any of the buildings,
Joe’s throw was something of a feat, and many a perfectly good baseball
had been sacrificed since by ambitious youths set on duplicating his
performance.The Academy side of the river was clear of vegetation,
but along the farther bank graceful weeping willows dipped their
trailing branches in the water and threw cool green shadows across the
surface. Beyond, the willows gave place to alders and swamp-oaks and
basswood, and then, as the ground rose to the rolling hills, maples,
already showing the first light frosts, clustered thick. Here and
there the white trunks of paper-birches showed against the hillside.

Gil his full name was Gilbert, but no one ever called him that viewed 
the familiar scene with eager pleasure and satisfaction. Tomorrow
began his third year at Crofton Academy, and he had grown very fond of
the school; how fond he had scarcely realized until this minute. To the
left, a quarter of a mile away, the old covered bridge was in sight,
its central pier emerging from a wilderness of bush on Bridge Island.
To his right, a little distance down-stream, lay Biscuit Island, a tiny
round mound of moss-covered rock with here and there a patch of grass,
and, in the middle, a group of four white birches asway in the westerly
breeze. Opposite the island was the brown-stained boat-house and the
long float, the latter as yet empty of the canoes and skiffs and tubs
that would later gather there. By bending forward a little, Gil could
catch a glimpse of a corner of the athletic field and the roofed
portico of Apthorpe Gymnasium, the last of the buildings that formed a
crescent along the curve of the river. 